Welcome to the AWS CodeStar sample web application
==================================================

This sample code helps get you started with a simple PHP Laravel web
application deployed by AWS CodeDeploy to an Amazon EC2 server.

What's Here
-----------

This sample includes:

* README.md - this file
* appspec.yml - this file is used by AWS CodeDeploy when deploying the web
  application to EC2
* .env.example - this file is an example environment file that is copied to
  .env as part of the deployment process.  The application key contained in
  this file should be replaced with a key generated by you (see
  http://laravel-recipes.com/recipes/283/generating-a-new-application-key) for
  details.
* index.php - this file contains the sample application
* scripts/ - this directory contains scripts used by AWS CodeDeploy when
  installing and deploying your application on the Amazon EC2 instance.


Getting Started
---------------

These directions assume you want to develop on your local computer, and not
from the Amazon EC2 instance itself. If you're on the Amazon EC2 instance, the
virtual environment is already set up for you, and you can start working on the
code.

To work on the sample code, you'll need to clone your project's repository to your
local computer. If you haven't, do that first. You can find instructions in the
AWS CodeStar user guide.

1. Install PHP.  See http://php.net/manual/en/install.php for details.

2. Install composer.  See https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md for
   details.

3. Install your dependencies:

        $ php composer.phar install

4. Start the PHP development server:

        $ php artisan serve

5. Open http://127.0.0.1:8000/ in a web browser to view your application.

What Do I Do Next?
------------------

Once you have a virtual environment running, you can start making changes to
the sample PHP web application. We suggest making a small change to index.php
first, so you can see how changes pushed to your project's repository are automatically 
picked up by your project pipeline and deployed to the Amazon EC2 instance. (You can watch
the pipeline progress on your project dashboard.) Once you've seen how that works, start
developing your own code, and have fun!

Learn more about AWS CodeStar by reading the [user guide][User Guide].  Ask
questions or make suggestions on our [forum][Forum].

[User Guide]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/codestar/latest/userguide/welcome.html

[Forum]: https://forums.aws.amazon.com/forum.jspa?forumID=248
